[Music]
Hey
are you good at rescuing strangers
stranded on the side of the road finding
missing husbands and counting chocolates
then you'll ace this quiz keep in mind
how many riddles you've solved correctly
and check your results at the end
oh and count me in about the chocolates
one what is it
when water splashes it none seeps
through but when it's moved a lot it
spews liquid when hit it changes color
it covers quite a complex thing yet it's
very easy to flex what is it it's your
skin
number two how many people a king a
queen and two twins are all in one room
and still there are no adults there how
come they aren't even people they're all
beds number three a driver's problem a
man was driving along the countryside
road when one of his car tires burst
while changing it
he accidentally lost all four wheel nuts
the road was deserted and the driver was
afraid he'd have to spend many hours
waiting for someone who could give him a
hand but a kid passing by his vehicle
said something that helped the man solve
his problem what advice did the child
give the driver the kid told the man to
remove one nut from each of the
remaining wheels and used them to secure
the new tire this way the man could get
to the nearest service station for a
game of chess
two men are playing chess they've
already played five games and each man
has won three of them how is it possible
the men are playing with different
opponents not with each other
five what letter look at the picture and
try to guess which letter should be
under the plane the letter a w stands
for water L is the first letter of land
and a is for air six Kingdom at stake
King Thomas had no children who could
inherit his throne that's why he decided
to hold a contest where he could find a
worthy successor he gave a seed to every
participant and announced that the
person who would grow the healthiest and
most beautiful plant would become the
next monarch on the final day of the
competition the King saw hundreds of
people with plants of all sizes and
shapes but he ignored even the prettiest
flowers his choice was a girl holding a
pot with nothing but moist dirt how come
she won
[Music]
the king was a kind and honest man and
wanted his heir to have the same
qualities he gave the participants not
seeds but tiny pebbles that's how he
figured out all of them had cheated but
the girl seven magic beer I can shave
every day but my beard will remain the
same
would mi I'm a barber eight of paradox
yep
it's what you need when you have two
boats you know a pair of docks okay
here's the real question
you can enter but you can't come in it
has space but no room
it has keys but opens no lock what is it
it's a computer 9 only water what always
breaks on water but never on land Oh
wave 10 an antique dealers riddle
David was a famous antique dealer in his
town but there were loads of people who
envied him the man had a young beautiful
daughter Liza one evening when the
antiquarian was busy in his workshop his
phone rang a man told him that they had
David's daughter if he wanted to see her
again
he had to give his jewellery collection
to a man waiting at the doors it wasn't
the first time someone was threatening
David that's why he requested to talk to
his daughter he asked her just one
question I have two hands but I can't
scratch myself what am I when David
heard no answer he said it's not my
daughter and hung up what's the answer
to this riddle Liza would know that her
father was talking about a clock number
11 black and white hats for boys are
lined up on several steps all of them
facing in the same direction a brick
wall separates the fourth boy from the
rest boy one can see boys two and three
boy two can see boy three oh boy three
sees is the wall and boy four doesn't
see the others
the boys are wearing hats and they know
that two of the hats are white and two
are black which boy will be the first to
figure out and shout out the color of
the Hat he's or
if the boys aren't allowed to turn talk
to each other or take their hats off
it'll be boy two boys three and four
can't see the others hats boy one sees
one black hat and one white hat and
knows that his hat can be either white
or black boy two seized one black hat he
realizes that if he were also wearing a
black hat boy one would understand that
his hat is white and since he hasn't
shouted yet it means that boy two is
wearing a white hat 12 chocolates both
mark and Daniel had a box of chocolates
each there were twelve chocolates in
each box
mark ate some sweets then Daniel opened
his box and ain't the same number of
chocolates that were left in Mark's box
how many chocolates do the guys have
together now they have twelve chocolates
together thirteen a skyscraper
what building has the most stories a
[Music]
library yeah
14 a submarine case it was Christmas
morning when a submarine captain
discovered one of his sailors
unconscious on his bunk someone had hit
him on the head and it could only be
another crew member the captain had
three suspects Jackson Christopher and
Nathan he questioned them and here's
what they said Jackson I didn't do it
because I was checking the equipment in
the machinery compartment Christopher
when it happened I was cleaning the
floors in the dining room Nathan at that
moment I was busy talking to my
girlfriend on skype who's lying it was
Nathan who hid his mate there's no
internet on submarines 15 who's the
husband look at the picture and try to
figure out who the woman's husband is
it's the man in the first photo the
woman is wearing a pendant with a letter
L and the man has the name Lisa tattooed
on his neck 16 what am i all people ask
for me but almost everybody hates me for
some people I'm a disaster for others
I'm a huge relief what am i I'm the
truth
17 trapped you're trapped in a secret
laboratory by a mad professor you find a
corridor ending with three doors behind
the first door there's a giant shark
behind the second one there's a deep
hole with sharp metal spikes at the
bottom and the third door hides live
electrical wires before you have time to
choose one exit the corridor starts to
fill with water choose fast which door
can save your life
choose the second door
as soon as the corridor fills with water
you'll be able to swim over the spikes
eighteen unpopular food what vegetable
is unpopular on ships
the leak of course 19 no use it's only
useful when it's fall and yet it's
always full of holes what is it
it's a sieve 20 a fired manager mark Jim
and Bob work as managers in the same
office one day one of them is fired and
one gets a promotion the remaining
manager wants to resign at first but
then changes his mind you know that the
one who's fired is older than the rest
and single Jim's younger than the
manager who has decided to stay at work
and he doesn't know Bob's wife who's
fired it's not Jim
because he's younger than the manager
who stays it's also not Bob because he's
married it means that mark has been
fired Jim has got a promotion and bob
has decided to stay in his position
that's it and now the results those who
have braved this challenged but managed
to crack only 0 to 7 rentals cheer up
cereal Riddle crackers confess they've
been practicing every day before they
reached any more or less impressive
result 8 to 14 solved riddles means that
you aren't a novice in this challenging
activity but you might need to exercise
more and if you've saw 15 to 20 riddles
correctly Congrats you've nailed it is
this your lucky day or are you that very
serial riddle cracker hey if you learn
something new today or if you like my
paradox joke then give the video a like
and share it with a friend and here are
some other videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
stay on the bright side of life